God of War
Sun Dechuan
It's okay, the dragon god of war is here
It just so happens that someone here is pretending to be the commander of war
The weather has no god of war
Take them down now
I'll give you a shit.
Brother, I am a real war commander
Are you sure what I just shouted?
Ah, it's true, it's true.
You are a general
Not only does he lack even the most basic intelligence
It was lawlessness.
It seems that you start today
The good times are over
Lord Shuai, please forgive me.
I really didn't expect you to be in a place like this
I didn't expect you to act so ordinary
I can't bear it
Please forgive me.
Why, if I wasn't the war commander
You can just grab me and shoot me
What do you think of the common people?
What do you take Wang Fa for?
Ah, I was wrong.
Beg for my life!
Dear, I'm sorry, I was wrong.
To spare evildoers is the greatest evil
I can't spare you.
Take him down to the dark prison
Forgive me, brother, I was wrong.
Big brother, help!
Big brother
Help!
Hmph now I know I'm afraid hey
You deserve to go first
I was talking to my future wife about getting married
My proud lady
Now will you marry me?